has ended
Udmurtia
Hello dear
go and now what
no guys people we met again
but also village lessons
children's fantasies
girl and so fantastic
journey
we will go today also the current post
rumors
I was given a CDD I remembered my aunt
childhood
when I was a kid
I will not have computers
mussels games
but consider us parents did what a nightmare
you had such
agency internal fabrics after cassation
om on the contrary
I loved the students to go to
the school
and also read books and began to fall
but most of all
I loved to ride to the village we
he is supposed to be literate within minutes but already
the house on the window is not always happy
accept my visit no I would not
could live it
the song is solid and we just could not
may want that the Abelians enemies
I'm sorry that our children will not refuse
killed in the pleasure of his aunt's advice
you come among the airplanes
trees of radicalism and dust
2 remember to shoot
let's give up at the city police
branch
here you are
and in the big theater of the sphere how do you think
Krasnodar
learn grandfather
I like it very much tell
me with the guys to fight them
pleasure
here on this house of many residents
beyond the regions
here extreme communities action only for very
want to
government minister
if we them in the sphere um
money how many books
the girl did
and all the others are true they are productions and I
I also read many
but then it is clear
why do you know everything
auntie owl and what about this year let's
we'll see
wherein
what is the reason
but also with winged girlfriends blocked
be straight hid 6 x when still studying
fly it was a lot of fun
although
grandpa aired me the second game played for
it was not possible to defend
We can not
girl here we can never
Shirinsky sometimes even sandpiper dear
cartoons about one of our last but
dollars
let's we look since not
found watching a cartoon and not
explains the director
i have a sister myself finally at work
now there is a little book by the way now
reading a book
13th minute is the best
in the latter case
according to the participants was
in santo andre tana
itar tass
in three minutes
but I will start working on it again
are working
but after the resignation of Luzhkov
one community
in the message
imagine
such
if a
or boy again
still asking why he didn't ask
let's better think brief in mexico
was a fantasy rooted or
useful I would know that such 1
but I can't explain why for the army
fantasy really hardly
and all because they will not tolerate
things were called by other names and it did
if they become said he helped
business is bad
father he broke took over
I understand when you buy a car
the very
A. Shlapak
Took into account very nice fantasy
clever without listening
amendment period said save hour
of companies
say goodbye to gears because our
he approached the guests earlier kids
at the same time august